instructions/sources/FOSDEM_Room_setup_checklist_template.md, before:

# **Build checklist for room [ROOM_NUMBER]**

|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;**Before build up**|
|-----------|
|`[ ]` Bring equipment to room [ROOM_NUMBER]|
|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;**Build up** |
|`[ ]` Unpack tripod|
|`[ ]` Place tripod at [CAMERA_POSITION]|
|`[ ]` Level tripod|
|`[ ]` Install camera on tripod|
|`[ ]` Connect camera power and install camera battery
|`[ ]` Set INPUT1 to LINE on the 1st slider
|`[ ]` Set INPUT1 to EXT on the 2nd slider
|`[ ]` Set INPUT1 to MAN on the 3rd slider
|`[ ]` Set INPUT1 to 5 on the volume knob
|`[ ]` Set INPUT2 to MIC/MIC +48V on the 1st slider
|`[ ]` Set INPUT2 to INT MIC on the 2nd slider
|`[ ]` Set INPUT2 to MAN on the 3rd slider
|`[ ]` Set INPUT2 to 5 on the volume knob
|`[ ]` Set camera resolution to 1920x1080|
|`[ ]` Set camera refresh rato to 50p
|`[ ]` Remove the lens cover of the camera
|`[ ]` Install camera box on the tripod with zip ties|
|`[ ]` Connect camera box to power
|`[ ]` Connect camera to the camera box with HDMI cable
| |
|`[ ]` Install slides box on the desk
|`[ ]` Connect slides box to power
|`[ ]` Connect internet to any port on the slides box
|`[ ]` Connect speaker(clip-on) micropohone to IN3 on the slides box
|`[ ]` Connect audience(handheld) microphone to IN2 on the slides box
|`[ ]` Connect short XLR cable from OUT2 on the slides box to the room's audio
|`[ ]` Connect cables for charging from the slides box USB ports to the microphone receiver's batteries
|`[ ]` Connect cables for charging from the slides box USB ports to the microphone transmiter's batteries -Alway have batteries charging
|`[ ]` Connect HDMI cable form the slides box HDMI OUT to the room's projector - may need to use HDMI-to-X converters
|`[ ]` Connect HDMI cables to the slides box HDMI IN port to be used by the presenter - leave other end on the desk
|`[ ]` Connect XLR cable from OUT1 on the slides box to INPUT1 on the camera - check suggested cable route at the botom
|`[ ]` Run ethernet cable from any port on the slides box to any port on the camera box - check suggested cable route at the bottom
| |
|`[ ]` Connect headphones to camera|
|`[ ]` Write the room name on the whiteboard to point the camera to|
|`[ ]` Point camera to where the speaker will be without getting the presentation in frame|
|`[ ]` Mark on the floor where the speaker should be (skip for Janson, K.1105 and H.2215)|
| |
|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;**Tests**|
| |
|`[ ]` Make sure you see picture on the camera box|
|`[ ]` Make sure you see picture on the slides box and projector when there's signal present|
| |
|`[ ]` Talk into all microphones and check levels|
|`[ ]` &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Within 80% on camera|
|`[ ]` &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No noise|
|`[ ]` &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Audible in the room|
|`[ ]` &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No feedback - make sure to walk around with the microphones|
||
|`[ ]` Repeat microphone test with VOC|
|`[ ]` &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Ask VOC member to call you, in Matrix |
|`[ ]` &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Make sure that a VOC member had ACKnowledged your request|
|`[ ]` &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;When a VOC member is available, they'll call via Matrix|
|`[ ]` &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Test both mics and confirm levels |
||
|`[ ]` Make sure VOC sees both video sources|
||
|`[ ]` If no issues are seen from the VOC:|
|`[ ]` &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Connect microphone batteries to chargers|
|-----------|

Suggested route for the XLR and network cable is as follows: [CABLE_RUN]

Commit message:

Add instructions about the signs folder

instructions/sources/FOSDEM_Room_setup_checklist_template.md, after:

# **Build checklist for room [ROOM_NUMBER]**

|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;**Before build up**|
|-----------|
|`[ ]` Bring equipment to room [ROOM_NUMBER]|
|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;**Build up** |
|`[ ]` Unpack tripod|
|`[ ]` Place tripod at [CAMERA_POSITION]|
|`[ ]` Level tripod|
|`[ ]` Install camera on tripod|
|`[ ]` Connect camera power and install camera battery
|`[ ]` Set INPUT1 to LINE on the 1st slider
|`[ ]` Set INPUT1 to EXT on the 2nd slider
|`[ ]` Set INPUT1 to MAN on the 3rd slider
|`[ ]` Set INPUT1 to 5 on the volume knob
|`[ ]` Set INPUT2 to MIC/MIC +48V on the 1st slider
|`[ ]` Set INPUT2 to INT MIC on the 2nd slider
|`[ ]` Set INPUT2 to MAN on the 3rd slider
|`[ ]` Set INPUT2 to 5 on the volume knob
|`[ ]` Set camera resolution to 1920x1080|
|`[ ]` Set camera refresh rato to 50p
|`[ ]` Remove the lens cover of the camera
|`[ ]` Install camera box on the tripod with zip ties|
|`[ ]` Connect camera box to power
|`[ ]` Connect camera to the camera box with HDMI cable
| |
|`[ ]` Install slides box on the desk
|`[ ]` Connect slides box to power
|`[ ]` Connect internet to any port on the slides box
|`[ ]` Connect speaker(clip-on) micropohone to IN3 on the slides box
|`[ ]` Connect audience(handheld) microphone to IN2 on the slides box
|`[ ]` Connect short XLR cable from OUT2 on the slides box to the room's audio
|`[ ]` Connect cables for charging from the slides box USB ports to the microphone receiver's batteries
|`[ ]` Connect cables for charging from the slides box USB ports to the microphone transmiter's batteries -Alway have batteries charging
|`[ ]` Connect HDMI cable form the slides box HDMI OUT to the room's projector - may need to use HDMI-to-X converters
|`[ ]` Connect HDMI cables to the slides box HDMI IN port to be used by the presenter - leave other end on the desk
|`[ ]` Connect XLR cable from OUT1 on the slides box to INPUT1 on the camera - check suggested cable route at the botom
|`[ ]` Run ethernet cable from any port on the slides box to any port on the camera box - check suggested cable route at the bottom
| |
|`[ ]` Connect headphones to camera|
|`[ ]` Write the room name on the whiteboard to point the camera to|
|`[ ]` Point camera to where the speaker will be without getting the presentation in frame|
|`[ ]` Mark on the floor where the speaker should be (skip for Janson, K.1105 and H.2215)|
|`[ ]` Leave the signs folder on the desk next to the slides box
| |~~~~
|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;**Tests**|
| |
|`[ ]` Make sure you see picture on the camera box|
|`[ ]` Make sure you see picture on the slides box and projector when there's signal present|
| |
|`[ ]` Talk into all microphones and check levels|
|`[ ]` &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Within 80% on camera|
|`[ ]` &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No noise|
|`[ ]` &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Audible in the room|
|`[ ]` &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No feedback - make sure to walk around with the microphones|
||
|`[ ]` Repeat microphone test with VOC|
|`[ ]` &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Ask VOC member to call you, in Matrix |
|`[ ]` &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Make sure that a VOC member had ACKnowledged your request|
|`[ ]` &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;When a VOC member is available, they'll call via Matrix|
|`[ ]` &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Test both mics and confirm levels |
||
|`[ ]` Make sure VOC sees both video sources|
||
|`[ ]` If no issues are seen from the VOC:|
|`[ ]` &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Connect microphone batteries to chargers|
|-----------|

Suggested route for the XLR and network cable is as follows: [CABLE_RUN]
